update max-replicas description (#5984)
pingcap/docs: pd-configuration-file.md

### `max-replicas`

> + The number of replicas, i.e. the sum of the number of leaders and followers. The default value `3` means 1 leader and 2 followers. When this configuration is modified online, PD will schedule the region in the background so that the number of replicas matches the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The number of replicas, that is, the sum of the number of leaders and followers. The default value `3` means 1 leader and 2 followers. When this configuration is modified online, PD will schedule Regions in the background so that the number of replicas matches this configuration.
```
